hey and welcome to don't be dumb i'm
josh clark you are who you are that's
great thank you for joining me have you
ever heard that ivan the terrible' the
16th century Tsar of Russia head the
architects who built Saint Basil's
Cathedral blinded after they completed
their work so that they could never
build anything as beautiful again that's
totally untrue see church records show
that a full 25 years after the
completion of the beautiful cathedral on
what's now known as Red Square church
officials contracted the same architects
to build an addition to the Cathedral
that was a full five years after Ivan
the Terrible was dead so the architects
clearly had their eyes intact because
they put in addition onto the church and
that's not the only place that this
legend has popped up
there's Shah Jahan the 17th century
emperor in India who had the Taj Mahal
built also supposedly blinded his
architects this one's probably not true
either the Shah Jahan supposedly wanted
a an identical Taj Mahal built out of
black marble opposite the river of the
original white one but the whole idea is
undermined by the concept that the black
Taj Mahal may be a myth itself so who
knows what's what with that one so the
next time somebody tells you that Ivan
the Terrible blinded his architects
after building Saint Basil's Cathedral
you tell them that's not true and set
him straight and tell him Josh sent you
and thank you for joining me